
Channel Server Startup (win | *nix)

	When starting a local channel server for the first time,
	the channel host should either have to configure or login
	to the channel server in order to host thier channel.

	If running a linux-based server, the only option is to
	connect from a windows client, or to configure your server
	to auto-connect to the network and auto-start a channel.

	Server Started (DreamSeeker | DreamDaemon)

		The channel server is started and begins the world managers.
		Configurations are loaded, as well has supporting XML files.
		If the world is set to auto-connect, a connection is opened
		to the network server provided in the network configuration file.
		If the world is set to auto-load a channel, a new channel
		is created, as specified in the server configuration file.
		World publicity and the hub_password are set based on the
		settings provided by the configuration files and the network.
		Channels verified authentic are given the Chatters hub password.
		Those not verified will be given an alternative hub_password
		which is reserved for modded channel servers and test servers.

	Host Login (DreamSeeker | telnet)

		If a channel server is running, the host is joined to it.
		Otherwise the main menu is displayed if they are using DS to join.
		If they use telnet, they must enter in the appropriate commands
		to access their hosting options. If the server is already
		connected to the network, network options are enabled and the
		server status is reported in the main menu's output. Otherwise,
		the host is given a form to connect to the network, and all
		network options are disabled. The host may choose to connect to
		the official network, or to another channel server, which will
		act as the surrogate network server for the channel. Channels
		connected in this way may serve as an invisible network alternative
		to the official chatters network. Only channels connected together
		in this way may communicate and share network resources.

	Network Connect (Public | Private | Invisible) (Official | Modded)

		The channel server attempts to establish a connection with the
		network server with the variables provided in the configuration
		file, or by the Host in the main menu network connection form.
		If a connection is established, the network queries the channel
		for verification, and if verified, adds the channel to the network.
		The host and other chatters currently logged in are then added to
		the chatters listing on the network, and the channel is published
		based on it's publicity setting. Public servers and thier chatters
		are announced to the appropriate channels when they enter or leave
		the network. Private servers only announce their chatters logins
		and logouts to the chatter's friends, irregardless of the publicity
		setting of the channel being hosted, while invisible servers do not
		publish themselves at all, even if the channel they are hosting is
		set to public. This ensures final publication rights are reserved
		by the server host, not the channel founder(s).

	Channel Open (Public | Private | Invisible)

		If auto-start is enabled, a new channel is loaded from the saved
		channel file, or from the server configuration file. Otherwise,
		the Host must open a channel either by loading one from a savefile,
		or by using the New Channel form to create a new channel. Once this
		channel is created, it will be saved so it can be loaded again later.
		The host may delete channels they no longer wish to host.
		Once started, if the channel server is connected to the network, its
		channel info is published, and all chatters waiting in the server are
		joined to the newly started channel. If publicity allows, login notices
		for the chatters are published to the network for distribution to other
		interested channels. Otherwise the channel only sends chatter info to
		the network for the purposes of tracking locations for network features.
		If no connection to the network is, or can be, established, the channel
		runs silently, publishing no information about it's location or chatters.

	Chatter Login (DreamSeeker | telnet)

		If the channel server is hosting a channel, the chatter is joined
		to that channel when they login. Otherwise they are shown a basic
		window asking them to wait for the channel to be started by the host.
		Once joined to a channel, depending on the publicity of the channel
		the server running it, the chatter's location is published to the
		network. Relavent information for that chatter is then sent back.
		If no connection to the network is, or can be, established, the
		chatter's connection is only published to the chatters in the local
		channel, and no attempt is made to inform the network of their login.
